[JavaScript] Add Concept Exercise: type-conversion (#2563)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/type-conversion/.docs/hints.md

> ## 1. Calculate the sum of those two array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Find the sum of two arrays
```

- There is a built-in function to join the `array` and convert it to a string doing the implicit
  type conversion to make it string
- There is built in object which is explicitly used to convert the `string` to the `number`

> - Sum the result of the two converted number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sum the result once each number is converted
```

> ## 2. Calculate the function which tells us the owner whether the number is lucky or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Determine if the number is lucky
```

- There is a prototype which explicit convert the number to `string`
- There is a function which can convert the `string` to the `array`.
- There is a function on the `array` constructor which can reverse the number of elements in your array
- First convert the number into the string and then convert it into array and calculate the reverse of it and join the array and finally compare the two string

## 3. Dashify the number

> - Convert the number into string and then convert it into the array and finally join the string using the function to `join` the array using dash

Reviewer: Try not to give away the solution with the hint.

```suggestion
- Use type conversion to change the number to a string
- Strings have methods which can be used to break them apart
- Arrays have a method to merge elements into a string
```

You could apply this to each hint as well
